Commerce packaging fixes (#1313)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/shop_features/user_management.md

# User management

> [[= product_name =]] by default adds the Shop users User Group, containing subgroups Business customers and Private customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, [[= product_name =]] adds the Shop users User Group, which contains the Business customers and Private customers subgroups.
```
